# Application

Application server is ...

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a Application server deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.15+
- Helm 3.2+

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release charts/my-chart
```

The command deploys WordPress on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.


Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
helm install my-release \
  --set replicaCount=3 \
    charts/my-chart
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
helm install my-release -f values.yaml charts/my-chart
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Configuration and installation details

### Ingress

This chart provides support for ingress resources. If you have an ingress controller installed on your cluster, such as [nginx-ingress](https://kubeapps.com/charts/stable/nginx-ingress) or [traefik](https://kubeapps.com/charts/stable/traefik) you can utilize the ingress controller to serve your WordPress application.

To enable ingress integration, please set `ingress.enabled` to `true`

### Hosts

Most likely you will only want to have one hostname that maps to this WordPress installation. If that's your case, the property `ingress.hostname` will set it. However, it is possible to have more than one host. To facilitate this, the `ingress.extraHosts` object is can be specified as an array. You can also use `ingress.extraTLS` to add the TLS configuration for extra hosts.

For each host indicated at `ingress.extraHosts`, please indicate a `name`, `path`, and any `annotations` that you may want the ingress controller to know about.

Indicating TLS will cause WordPress to generate HTTPS URLs, and WordPress will be connected to at port 443. The actual TLS secret do not have to be generated by this chart. However, please note that if TLS is enabled, the ingress record will not work until this secret exists.

For annotations, please see [this document](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/master/docs/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations.md). Not all annotations are supported by all ingress controllers, but this document does a good job of indicating which annotation is supported by many popular ingress controllers.

